Editorial review: Add docs for getAllRecords() and direction option (#41398)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/idbobjectstore/getallrecords/index.md

---
title: "IDBObjectStore: getAllRecords() method"
short-title: getAllRecords()
slug: Web/API/IDBObjectStore/getAllRecords
page-type: web-api-instance-method
browser-compat: api.IDBObjectStore.getAllRecords
---

{{ APIRef("IndexedDB") }}

The **`getAllRecords()`** method of the {{domxref("IDBObjectStore")}}
interface retrieves all records (including primary key and value) that are inside the object store.

> `getAllRecords()` effectively combines {{domxref("IDBObjectStore.getAllKeys", "getAllKeys()")}} and {{domxref("IDBObjectStore.getAll", "getAll()")}} by enumerating both primary keys and values at the same time. This functionality enables certain data retrieval patterns to be significantly faster when compared to alternatives such as iteration with cursors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`getAllRecords()` effectively combines the functionality of {{domxref("IDBObjectStore.getAllKeys", "getAllKeys()")}} and {{domxref("IDBObjectStore.getAll", "getAll()")}} by enumerating both primary keys and values at the same time. This combined operation enables certain data retrieval patterns to be significantly faster than alternatives such as iteration with cursors.
```

## Syntax

```js-nolint
getAllRecords()
getAllRecords(options)
```

### Parameters

> An optional object, the properties of which can include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional object whose properties can include:
```

Each object contains the following properties:

- `key`
  - : A value representing the record's key.
- `primaryKey`
  - : The record's key; identical to the `key` property.
- `value`
  - : A value representing the record's value.

### Exceptions

This method may raise a {{domxref("DOMException")}} of the following types:

- `InvalidStateError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}
  - : Thrown if the {{domxref("IDBObjectStore")}} has been deleted or removed.
- `TransactionInactiveError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}
  - : Thrown if this {{domxref("IDBObjectStore")}}'s transaction is inactive.
- {{jsxref("TypeError")}} {{domxref("DOMException")}}
  - : Thrown if the [`count`](#count) parameter is not between `0` and `2^32 - 1` included.

## Examples

```js
const query = IDBKeyRange.lowerBound("mykey", true);
const objectStore = transaction.objectStore("contactsList");

const myRecords = (objectStore.getAllRecords({
  query,
  count: "100",
  direction: "prev",
}).onsuccess = (event) => {
  console.log("Records successfully retrieved");
});
```

> See the [Faster IndexedDB reads with getAllRecords()](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/idb-getallrecords/) example for an idea of how `getAllRecords()` is used.

Reviewer: thanks

## Syntax

```js-nolint
getAllRecords()
getAllRecords(options)
```

### Parameters

An optional object, the properties of which can include:

- `query` {{optional_inline}}
  - : A key or an {{domxref("IDBKeyRange")}} identifying the records to retrieve. If this value is `null` or not specified, the browser will use an unbound key range.
- `count` {{optional_inline}}
  - : The number of records to return. If this value exceeds the number of records in the query, the browser will only retrieve the queried records. If it is lower than `0` or greater than `2^32 - 1` a {{jsxref("TypeError")}} exception will be thrown.
- `direction` {{optional_inline}}
  - : An enumerated value specifying the direction in which the records are traversed, which in turn defines the order in which they are returned. Possible values are:
    - `next`
      - : The records are traversed from the beginning, in increasing key order. This is the default value.

>     - `nextunique`

Reviewer 2: For IDBObjectStore, 'next' & 'nextunique' must return the same values because duplicate keys are not allowed.  IDBIndex allows duplicate keys when created with the option unique=false.

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/IDBObjectStore/createIndex#unique

Author: OK, I've updated the `*unique` descriptions in the `IDBObjectStore.*` pages to account for this.

      - : The records are traversed from the beginning, in increasing key order. In cases where keys are duplicated across multiple records, only the first encountered record with each key is retrieved.
    - `prev`
      - : The records are traversed from the end, in decreasing key order.
    - `prevunique`
      - : The records are traversed from the end, in decreasing key order. In cases where keys are duplicated across multiple records, only the first encountered record with each key is retrieved.

### Return value

An {{domxref("IDBRequest")}} object on which subsequent events related to this operation are fired.

If the operation is successful, the value of the request's {{domxref("IDBRequest.result", "result")}} property is an {{jsxref("Array")}} of objects representing all the records matching the given query, up to the value of `count`, if `count` was supplied.

> Each object contains the following properties:

Reviewer 2: The resulting array contains `IDBRecord` objects:

```
interface IDBRecord {
  readonly attribute any key;
  readonly attribute any primaryKey;
  readonly attribute any value;
};
```
https://www.w3.org/TR/IndexedDB/#record-interface

This includes a key property.  For IDBObjectStore, the key and primaryKey are the same.  For IDBIndex, the key is the index key for the record.

This is the same as IDBCursorWithValue, which also has the value, key and primaryKey properties.

Author: Ah, OK, I misunderstood this a bit. I've updated the description as appropriate on each `getAllRecords()` page.

- `primaryKey`
  - : A string representing the primary key associated with the record.
- `value`
  - : A value representing the record's value. The value can be of any type, and its type will match whatever type was originally stored in the database.

### Exceptions

This method may raise a {{domxref("DOMException")}} of the following types:

- `DataError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}
  - : Thrown if:

>     - The specified [`query`](#query) parameter is invalid, has an invalid type, or doesn't exist in the index.

Reviewer 2: " or doesn't exist in the index."

Since this is for IDBObjectStore, the indexes are not checked.

Reviewer 2: I don't think it's needed for getAllRecordS() in IDBIndex either.  Empty queries return no results.  They do not throw exceptions.

Author: OK; I've removed that exception description on both pages.
